updating referrences from traefik to kong (#6539)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/server-3-whats-new.adoc

* The Insights dashboard is now available.
* IRSA (AWS) can now be used as an alternative to keys for object storage authentication.
* The email address from which build notifications are sent is now configurable from the KOTS Admin Console.

> * We've replaced https://github.com/traefik/traefik-helm-chart[Traefik] with https://github.com/Kong/charts[Kong] as our reverse proxy. However, in order to minimize disruption when upgrading, we chosen not to rename the service used by kong. So you will see a service named `circleci-server-traefik`, however this service is actually for Kong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We have replaced https://github.com/traefik/traefik-helm-chart[Traefik] with https://github.com/Kong/charts[Kong] as our reverse proxy. However, in order to minimize disruption when upgrading, we chosen not to rename the service used by kong. So you will see a service named `circleci-server-traefik`, however this service is actually for Kong.
```

> * We have replaced https://github.com/traefik/traefik-helm-chart[Traefik] with https://github.com/Kong/charts[Kong] as our reverse proxy. However, in order to minimize disruption when upgrading, we chosen not to rename the service used by kong. So you will see a service named `circleci-server-traefik`, however this service is actually for Kong.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* We have replaced https://github.com/traefik/traefik-helm-chart[Traefik] with https://github.com/Kong/charts[Kong] as our reverse proxy. However, in order to minimize disruption when upgrading, we chose not to rename the service used by kong. Therefore, you will see a service named `circleci-server-traefik`, however, this service is actually for Kong.
```
